Add README file with instructions on how to upgrade a Formula (#37)
gocardless/homebrew-taps: README.md

# Homebrew-taps

> A collection of internal taps used by GoCardless

## Upgrading Formula version

> 1. Get new download URL for the Formula you want to upgrade. 
> Example:
> `https://github.com/gocardless/crank/releases/download/v1b61d42/crank_darwin_amd64`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the latest release URL for the library you want to upgrade. 
Example:
`https://github.com/gocardless/crank/releases/latest`
```

> 2. Update the `url` value in the Formula file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the `release` value in the `url`.
```

3. Generate a checksum for release files. **Note:** Some releases already contain a file
with checksums. If that is the case the checksum should be obtained from there. Otherwise
follow the steps below.

   1. Download the required file using the URL from Step 1.

   2. Calculate its SHA256 by running:

    ```console
    $ shasum -a 256 <name_of_the_file>
    ```

5. Update the `sha256` value in the Formula file.

**Note:** If the Formula has different versions for different operating systems, all 

> of the steps must be repeated for all of the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If the Formula has operating systems dependent versions, the 
hash needs to be calculated for each of them.
```

### Testing the upgrade

Make sure to test if the Formula has been upgraded properly:
```console

> brew install Formula/crank.rb

Reviewer: can we also add that this should be executed from inside the repo directory?
